---
layout: post
title: "Read Me First"
date: 2023-12-25 9:49:00 -0000
pin: true
categories:
tags: [self-study]
---

# What is this site for?

I have over a decade of experience in IT, holding positions like Systems Technician, Support Analyst, Systems Administrator, Network Administrator, and Systems Engineer. My journey has shown me the importance of self-study and personal drive for career advancement. However, continuous learning can be challenging, especially when professional development opportunities in organizations are limited.

In 2019, I attended the PowerShell Summit, where Don Jones shared a powerful message: "Your employer is responsible for your job, not your career." This resonated with me, emphasizing personal responsibility in career growth. Lately, I've felt less challenged and somewhat complacent, realizing the necessity to expand my skills.

I'm not one to rely on buzzwords or memorization for job interviews. Interviews are very challenging. You can interview someone and feel like they said all the right things, only to find out they may not have been the right pick. Instead, I prefer to demonstrate my technical capabilities. To combat this, I've developed a learning framework:

Select a topic.
Learn about it using online resources and hands-on experimentation in a GitHub project.
Transform the learning project into a separate, more polished GitHub repository.
Write about the experience on my website.
Challenges I face include not being a natural technical writer or blogger, being a slow learner who needs extensive hands-on practice, and not wanting to create redundant tutorials. Balancing what to include in my website posts versus project READMEs without duplication is also a struggle.

My goal is to use my GitHub repositories and personal website as platforms to gain practical experience, showcase my learning, and receive community or peer feedback.

In the bottom left of the website are links to some of my social media, github, and email. Please contact me if you have any questions, feedback, or wish to collab on a project.